README.md, before:

# DnD Map

↗️ [Go to the Site](https://dnd-map.netlify.app/)

## About

A simple Dungeons and Dragons virtual tabletop. Upload a map and add customizable character pieces that you can drag around the map.

Everything is saved locally to your browser.

## Colophon

Built using Vanilla JS and [Reef](https://reefjs.com/).

Styled using [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)

Bundled using [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/)

Character icons are from [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net/).

## Feedback

↗️ [Give Feedback](https://dnd-map.netlify.app/contact/) or
↗️ [Open Github Issue](https://github.com/karlyanelson/dnd-map/issues/new)

Let me know if you find a bug or have any feature requests!

## Development

Need to use `Node v14.17.0` or above.

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run locally:

```
npm run dev
```

Build for production:

```
npm run build
```

### Notes

If you get a `SyntaxError: Cannot use import statement outside a module` error, you're probably using a version of Node that's too old

Commit message:

Add ability to select character pieces and move them around the board using the arrow keys

README.md, after:

# DnD Map

↗️ [Go to the Site](https://dnd-map.netlify.app/)

## About

A simple Dungeons and Dragons virtual tabletop. Upload a map and add customizable character pieces that you can drag around the map.

Everything is saved locally to your browser.

## Keyboard shortcuts

Click character pieces to select them and press the arrow keys to move them around and scroll the window at the same time.

If you want to move the character pieces without scrolling the window, hold down "Shift" and use the arrow keys.

Press ESC to deselect all character pieces, or click off.

## Colophon

Built using Vanilla JS and [Reef](https://reefjs.com/).

Styled using [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/)

Bundled using [Parcel](https://parceljs.org/)

Character icons are from [game-icons.net](https://game-icons.net/).

## Feedback

↗️ [Give Feedback](https://dnd-map.netlify.app/contact/) or
↗️ [Open Github Issue](https://github.com/karlyanelson/dnd-map/issues/new)

Let me know if you find a bug or have any feature requests!

## Development

Need to use `Node v14.17.0` or above.

Install dependencies:

```
npm install
```

Run locally:

```
npm run dev
```

Build for production:

```
npm run build
```

### Notes

If you get a `SyntaxError: Cannot use import statement outside a module` error, you're probably using a version of Node that's too old
